Similarity pairs

Ooowie, let me tell you. I've had quite the week. Just yesterday, I ran into Katherine and she had me run all around town to pick up stuff for her cousin's birthday party. Balloons, cakes, clowns...I'm talkin the whole shebang! Barely left me any time to tend to my shoe shining business
<===>
I trust you. I love you. You will never disappoint me,
Sergius. (Louka is heard singing within the house. They quickly
release each other.) Hush! I can't pretend to talk indifferently
before her: my heart is too full. (Louka comes from the house
with her tray. She goes to the table, and begins to clear it,
with her back turned to them.) I will go and get my hat; and
then we can go out until lunch time. Wouldn't you like that?
Yeah, I guess you're right. You've always been a real charmer. Maybe I could fall for one of your games one more time...(blinks seductively)
<===>
What a queer creature you are, Tavy! There's no such thing as a
willing man when you really go for him. [She laughs naughtily]. I'm
shocking you, I suppose. But you know you are really getting a sort of
satisfaction already in being out of danger yourself.
The only balance I'll be seeing today is negative...I was barely open for 3 hours today! 2 customers and they barely tipped me a dime. Let's go.
<===>
We're in an awful state here. It's not livin' an' it's not dyin'. A man
fights to the bitter end, but he's bound to be beat at last--to be left
without a roof over his head, you may say without ground under his feet.
As long as he can work at the loom he can earn some sort o poor,
miserable livin'. But it's many a day since I've been able to get that
sort o' job. Now I tries to put a bite into my mouth with this here
basket-mak-in'. I sits at it late into the night, and by the time I
tumbles into bed I've earned three-halfpence. I puts it to you as knows
things, if a man can live on that, when everything's so dear? Nine
shillin' goes in one lump for house tax, three shillin' for land tax,
nine shillin' for mortgage interest--that makes one pound one. I may
reckon my year's earnin' at just double that money, and that leaves me
twenty-one shillin' for a whole year's food, an' fire, an' clothes, an'
shoes; and I've got to keep up some sort of a place to live in. An'
there's odds an' ends. Is it a wonder if I'm behindhand with my interest
payments?
I wish I hadn't
<===>
I wish I knew!!!
