


All feedback for excerpts
49 total responses

Feedback for narrative: Filler


I wish it was better written.

?

It was just really weird and I'm not sure exactly what they were even talking about

it seemed very confusing and hard to tell what the characters were like

The conversation seemed consistent.

It was very interesting and made me wonder immensely about the two characters.

GOOD STORY BUT I DIDN'T REALLY SEE WHERE IT WAS GOING

I thought the excerpt was odd .

a little odd, did'nt make a lot of sense but easy to read

The second line makes no sense at all, but for the rest, aside from some grammatical errors, it was pretty well written.

Feedback for narrative: Cave


Odd use of language. Took two reads to understand.

It seemed as though many of the responses that the characters had to each other did not make sense- they were not coherent.

No.  It was strange but coherent

It was like three stories all at once....with stuffy British people, but in a cave??

The language used by the characters wasn't natural at all.  If you're looking for these characters to sound like real people, you'll have to use normal words.  However, if you're using this sort of language for a stylized purpose, then go with it.

This is a very strange exercise.

I am wondering why they are in a cave.

I don't understand what the first line, about being trapped in a cave, has to do with the rest of the conversation.

It sounded old-timey, like a 50s movie or something, and a bit puzzling. Needed longer excerpt for it to make sense.

Feedback for narrative: Love


It was interesting.  I haven't read a play in years!  Thank you for letting me participate.

I have no feedback to provide

This didn't make a whole lot of sense but maybe it's different if you read the whole play.

some of the play seemed to follow in flow, but at other times the characters responses to each other did not make sense

I like the line to Sasha: "You are plumper and prettier than ever."

Parts seemed to fit and make sense, like the beginning, while more towards the end it got confusing.

I was following the excerpt until we go to the end. I had no idea who was talking to whom. Although it said who the character was speaking.

It seems there should be a third person involved in the conversation.

A large portion, the middle chunk, was coherent and in proper conversation. The beginning and ending, however, seemed to have been spliced from a different scene.

I did not understand the play

Feedback for narrative: Ball


It was interesting but made little sense to me.

it was a bit confusing

I felt the responses were too long at times

It didnt really make any sense.

It was a jumble.

It was obviously not actually two characters in the excerpt which made it sometimes difficult to keep track of who was saying what.

This did not make sense and was hard to read through, even for a play. Perhaps it is not meant to be read by anyone other than the actors, but it would be difficult to follow even for them.

play okay and would like to read the rest

not my genre, bit ok

Only the part of the spooky forest didnt make any sense it didnt fit the plot in any way

Feedback for narrative: Conflict


No

I do not have any feedback.

Little wierd

overall theme is there, flow could be improved slightly

Thank you so very much.

I enjoyed the text.  It appeared to be language from an older time period which I enjoy. I would like to see the play in person.

I was a little bit confused about the situation

The play was a nice story. I enjoy the medieval period which seems to be when this play took place. I would love to do more HITs like this in the future.

The conversation seemed to abruptly shift in the middle. In the first part, someone named "Torvald" and "Nora" were discussing a letter. This abruptly shifted, without explanation, to discussing dinner or snack arrangements with a maid named Helen. The shift was jarring and abrupt.

the story seems incoherent at times




All feedback for human_output
51 total responses

Feedback for narrative: Ball


The first part made sense but it got really confusing towards the end

It was confusing because it seemed that the plot kept changing.

it made no sense as if it were multiple plays combined into one

It was incredibly disjointed possibly with some sort of time-skip, and characters saying lines into the void.

It sort of made sense but some of it didn't

It started well but the last 1/3 got a bit off topic

I thought it was interesting to follow along to.

Interesting but confusing play except.

The play kinda went all over the place. I was so confused on where the story was going.

The conversation was was adequate between two people but made little to no sense.

An enjoyable excerpt. I liked it.

it was interesting

Feedback for narrative: Filler


They both parties had a decent conversation

It was a very strange excerpt to say the least.

it felt a bit incomplete.

There were a few lines that felt like needed more detail to make the conversation flow better. For instance, when Peter is brought up.

I was interested in learning more about the fall out between the two characters.

I tried to follow it but couldn't.

There was just enough consistency to get confused by the sudden leaps in logic. The characters' speaking style also changed a lot between lines.

was very confusing and not like they were talking back and forth to eachother for the most part.

It was interesting but pretty much nonsensical

No not any at all.

Feedback for narrative: Cave


The story seemed very mysterious leading to more interest

I have no feedback, thank you.

It was a bit disturbing, which was why I didn't particularly enjoy it, but I hope they both quit doing drugs!

It was very strange and disconnected.

It seemed rather disjointed and confusing to with that sort of dialogue.

It didn't make very much sense

No, the survey was very interesting

none

Feedback for narrative: Conflict


The nature of the scene was a bit confusing, more information would have been helpful. Also, the emotions of the characters was very odd. It seemed like they maybe had a love/hate relationship, however, I don't know if that was the intent

I thought it was really nice.

It was somewhat confusing to follow. I think Character B was telling a story and Character A was trying to elicit a reaction from B by using role-play instead of giving straightforward answers. It almost resembled a "Robin Williams" script, where he often relied on role-playing to get his message across. I think I am correct, but it WAS confusing.

This was a very disconnected read - near the end it almost sounded like an Oscar Wilde excerpt. Character dialogue changed drastically and the characters didn't sound the same at the end as they did in the beginning.

The excerpt seemed inconsistent in content and the characters.

it is computer generated nonsense

The conversation jumps.

At first I thought it was going to be very interesting and then it just was confusing. It seemed like multiple stories all badly pieced together.

Occasionally it seemed as if the two characters responded to each other but not a whole lot.

This was an interesting HIT.

You have got to be kidding!

Feedback for narrative: Love


A faint hint of Romeo and Juliet?

I have no idea who the characters are, what the situation was or what the point was.

Not my choice for entertainment, especially the final statement

This was very confusing. It felt like snippets of a conversation, pasted together.

halfway through the story got more coherent

It was a very funny story

Was a little confusing.

The excerpt is a big dark but  its interesting to read.

very strange, somewhat made sense but inconsistent

It was hard to tell exactly what was going on between them.




All feedback for computer_output
93 total responses

Feedback for narrative: Ball


While the play seems interesting and I could somewhat visualize the characters, I think the play needs to be more cohesive. It seemed to just jump from one scenario to another.

I couldn't follow it.

it was well done. I can picture the conversation

This was all over the place and made no sense

Each character is playing out there own scene.  Life is actually a lot like that, and less like coherent conversation than we like to think

The characters were talking about something different with every new line.

interesting but totally incoherent

It felt like there was a consistent conversation, but that the actual dialogue was mismatched. For example, every 3rd line corresponded with each other, every 2nd line corresponded with each other. I think.

I wish the excerpt was a little longer

Was this one play, or 2?

Engaging

It is chaos and only constant thing is they fight and talk to each other n different context

Very confusing! I wasn't sure what to make of it and I had to keep rereading the passage to see if there was something I was missing. I don't think any line from the excerpt relates to any other.

There did sound like there was a conversation going on, but it was very disjointed. There are also frequent grammatical errors.

Mostly nonsense except for two spots where it looked like the characters were communicating

The excerpt was really good to read.

The story was difficult to follow.

It did not make any sense, like some took random sentences from three different stories and put them together.

It did not make sense but occasionally it seemed as though the characters were responding to each other so I'm not sure if it was supposed to make sense or not.

gobbledygook

Feedback for narrative: Filler


It didn't make any sense what they were saying to each other.

It was strange. I don't know what to think about it.

Were they even having the same conversation with each other?

That was just random lines of dialogue that didn't make sense. I'd been the dialogue was generated by a computer.

no

I felt really confused by this passage

I tried reading it in abstract ways-- from the bottom up, with the lines backwards, and still found it didn't make much sense. Interesting study...

It didnt make sense at all

The names of the characters were terribly inconsistent throughout the excerpt.

The language was a bit overdone

It appeared the characters were responding to each other but in a way where they werent directing the conversation towards eachother. It was very random statements made by each character and some did not make sense at all.

Interesting

It all seemed random and they even referred to each other with different names at times, which made it even more confusing.

No comments, thank you!

The except mostly made sense and was fairly consistent.

It did not make sense

This reads like an algorithmically generated play from a combination of other plays - I see references to putting on boots and lines that remind me of Waiting for Godot, one character is named in the dialogue in the line "Now you know, John" and a following line seems to not interpret the comma and that John refers to the character, and instead talk about a different character; not to mention a stage direction earlier in the play refers to the characters as Tom & Dick. Here, the use of non sequiturs doesn't seem deliberate and absurdist, but like actual randomness.

Feedback for narrative: Love


Best of luck to you in the future!

no

It jumped around and did not make sense to me at all.

It seemed like an old play clip.

that was very confusing, it was like reading exerpts from 2 different stories

Very bad and nonsensical.  I would advise against production.

It was alert and common.

There were done good lines, but it seemed like they were in two different plays.

They should talk in complete sentences.

Enjoyed the excerpt seemed like Shakespeare

No feedback, I didn't see any connection between the two speakers dialouge.

to me it didnt make sense, like the characters werent talking to each other about the same thing

It was hard to tell who the characters were referring to or if they were talking to one another. I had no idea how close or far they were from each other.

There seemed to be no consistent train of thought between the 2 characters, I couldn't tell what was going on.

Major Barbara, I think

This made very little sense.

Feedback for narrative: Cave


it seemed as thought they merged two different plays into one

it made no sense

it was a bit confusing at the beginning, thank you

It made no sense.

If this was meant to be inconsitent, then I have nothing beneficial to add. But each line alone is well written.

I'm sorry, I hate to leave bad reviews, but none of it made a mite of sense to me. I'm not a fan of experimental theatre, though.

thanks! it was fun

It seemed like the two characters were talking about entirely separate things.

It was an interesting short read

It was like they were in two different worlds or something.

It was like both were delusional. The conversation made no sense.

I like the survival story

it did not make any sense

They made no sense, and switched to different people.

I am not sure, just to read it

It was hard to follow and understand what the conversation was about.

It was confusing

very poor play excerpt

Feedback for narrative: Conflict


Sorry, I don't feel these are real characters.

The characters didn't seem to hear what each other was saying.  They were not having a very reciprocal conversation.

It seemed disjointed and dd not make sense.

It wasn't very good.

The excerpt seemed all over the place and was hard to follow.

It did not make sense

one or 2 of the interactions seemed to be on the same page but the overall story didn't make any sense.

I really liked the writing style and the dialogue felt very natural, only there wasn't much established context and it seemed like the characters kept switching to different roles so that made it confusing for me.

I have no idea what I just read and I read it twice to be sure I didn't miss something

Could use a bit more flow to it. Great work though!

This was painful to read.

the dialogue seemed to go together at points but it would jump really suddenly to a random topic

It was mostly incoherent because the responses didn't make sense as responses.

That was a interesting play in the story

I didn't understand what was happening at all

it didnt make sense

it was very interesting thanks so much

Interesting and highly educative. I love it.

The "play excerpt" appears to be a collection of random lines from different scripts, with no unifying thread.

This hit was quite difficult but interesting

I felt a little confused and had to read it twice

This excerpt was very confusing and I couldn't narrow down a character.




All feedback for random_output
96 total responses

Feedback for narrative: Cave


it really didn't make any sense

Not really sure I understood all of it.

They seemed to be having two different conversations. The tone was schizophrenic. The language was strangely inconsistent, and several ideas that were posited were never resolved. It wasn't boring at least; fun in a Dadaesque sort of way.

The excerpt is really confusing to me.

Is this computer generated? It changes style and plot throughout

It seemed like A and B were having two different conversations.

It seemed like it was two characters that had no idea the other existed.

Just from what I read, this is not a play I'd watch.. I needed more or more of a backstory to get it..

I couldn't even tell if they were speaking past each other. Or if different sections had been cut and pasted together. because even the individual characters didn't seem totally consistent.

The story made no sense and one line did not follow the other.  It was impossible to interpret

Two different conversations missing the respondent for each.

The first column on the left was completely randomn as was the second column, but there was an interesting paragraph.

none

Thank you for the survey.

No, thank you

It could've made more sense if I knew what the script was about, but as it is it's complete nonsense.

That was difficult to comprehend as it made little sense.

The play was very inconsistent. The two characters seemed as though they were from different stories.

It made no sense.

I was kind of wondering why he made no sense at all!

Feedback for narrative: Love


No, other than it didn't make much sense.

It was as if the characters were aware of each other but not interacting consistently

Sorry, nothing flowed and there was no sense to the passage.

There were other people it seemed like they were referencing. I had no idea the relation between them, and while their words kinda made sense, the story didn't at all.

It feels like just a bunch of random conversation snippets thrown together

It made absolutely no sense. The characters were clearly not responding to one another in any sense, nor did anything either character said follow any coherent thought process. It was as if someone just cut and pasted various excerpts from many different and disparate monologues and put them together. I don't mean to be harsh but that was absolute drivel.

I imagine the scene would make more sense in the larger content. It does seem well written and Ina particular time period, though I don't know when.

Seemed like it was written by AI

None

It made my head hurt.  Complete nonsense

It was somewhat confusing to me.

This play did not make any logical sense.

It was a very strange excerpt.

I thought it was somewhat okay.

The two characters were acting crazy.

It was very unique and something I have never read before

The story didnt make sense so I wasn't able to follow it at all.

this was random nonsense.. a waste of time - also, I had to reload the page once.!

I had a hard time figuring out what was going.  None of the responses seemed to go together.

It just seemed like a random collection of lines from other plays

I liked the words used it sounded almost poetic but it was also not consistent.

Feedback for narrative: Conflict


Very disjointed. Difficult to follow.

I felt like I was dropped in the middle.

I think better dialog was needed

kind of fun to imagine seeing on stage

There were two characters but the dialogue was inconsistent and made no sense

No, I do not have any feedback.

At times responses seemed coherent but sometimes it seemed random.

It seemed to be out of several different scenes!

This was a really strange exerpt. I feel like I am missing something. The first column didn't flow at all. The second colum was slightly more consistent but still odd

It was a strange play

The two characters seemed to be having two very different conversations.

Easy to follow story fun to read

It was weird, I didn't understand it

Forgive me, but the script just didn't make sense. It was as though the next line was skipped ahead each time to different points in the conversation. Some of them, could possibly make sense if reworded, but i feel as if lines or context was removed during the entirety of what i read.

It seemed very hard to make out what they were saying, I'm actually interested if there'd be more context.

A really hates B, but everything else is pretty nonsensical

It was kind of random, didn't make any sense

There was some proofreading necessary and though there was in fact, warning that it may not have made sense to some, I would just encourage making sure that it maintains cohesively

Feedback for narrative: Ball


The play had no cohesion and the storyline was all over the place.

Story that seemed to go off on different tangents.

The story didn't make sense.

nonsense

It was incoherent nonsense. Are you testing computer generated plays?

It wasn't consistent and I was confused on what the ply was even about.

None of it made sense, just a bunch of random statements from A and B.

i didn't understand it

just doesn't make any sense.

A strange sort of play.

It felt like many plays combined into one. Little coherence and different writing styles.

I was confused. they were having totally different conversations entirely. it made not sense.

no

It would be great if the story was extended and there were more detail, about the characters presented in the excerpt. Other than that it was done well.

It made no sense;  the 2 characters seemed to be having 2 different conversations

It did not make sense to me

It was very confusing

Feedback for narrative: Filler


Very strange, nonsense.

It was kind of strange. There seemed to be people walking in, and one or two responses might have fit, but the rest seemed like they weren't talking to or listening to each other. Maybe trying to be edgy, but lost me. Seemed like parts taken from different plays and the character names just changed to A and B and put together.

Every line was a response to something else, something from another play or from another world.

iT NEEDED TO MAKE MORE SENSE AND FLOW EVENLY GOOD TRY   GOOD EFFORT  THANK YOU  HAVE A GREAT WEEKEND

It did not make any sense

It did not make any sense to me.

They're speech patterns are all over the place.

It made no sense at all.

I am sorry but i did not really understand what was going in this play.

I was confused from start to finish. I had to read it a few times to make sure that I read it in the right order.

It seemed like parts of several unrelated conversations.

The nonsensical ramblings were unintelligible

It was very disconnected and seemed to be all over the place with no clear direction

Did not really make any sense

Couldn’t follow the conversation

it was a little confusing

It didn't make much sense, wasn't coherent.

It seemed like a mashup of many different plays. It was utter nonsense.

rather hard to understand, have to see the play from the start

unintelligible

