Similarity pairs

Are we talking about the battery life of the flashlight or my phone?
<===>
Leave talking to me of your rods and your scourges! All you taught me
was robbery, and it is on yourself and not on myself the scourges will
be laid at the day of the recognition of tricks.
I have two loaves of bread and one bag of trail mix, minus the M&Ms. (Embarrased) I ate those on the drive to the park.
<===>
DUDGEON. I want none of your sulks. Here: help me to set this
table. (They place the table in the middle of the room, with Christy's
end towards the fireplace and Mrs. Dudgeon's towards the sofa. Christy
drops the table as soon as possible, and goes to the fire, leaving his
mother to make the final adjustments of its position.) We shall have
the minister back here with the lawyer and all the family to read the
will before you have done toasting yourself. Go and wake that girl; and
then light the stove in the shed: you can't have your breakfast here.
And mind you wash yourself, and make yourself fit to receive the
company. (She punctuates these orders by going to the cupboard;
unlocking it; and producing a decanter of wine, which has no doubt
stood there untouched since the last state occasion in the family, and
some glasses, which she sets on the table. Also two green ware plates,
on one of which she puts a barmbrack with a knife beside it. On the
other she shakes some biscuits out of a tin, putting back one or two,
and counting the rest.) Now mind: there are ten biscuits there: let
there be ten there when I come back after dressing myself. And keep
your fingers off the raisins in that cake. And tell Essie the same. I
suppose I can trust you to bring in the case of stuffed birds without
breaking the glass? (She replaces the tin in the cupboard, which she
locks, pocketing the key carefully.)
Oh boy, I hope so.
<===>
Oh, I hope not, Lady Utterword. Really!
(Muttering to herself) And all while debating the expression "oh boy"[D.
<===>
Commander: I do not mean the military man. When the military
man approaches, the world locks up its spoons and packs off its
womankind. No: I sing, not arms and the hero, but the philosophic man:
he who seeks in contemplation to discover the inner will of the world,
in invention to discover the means of fulfilling that will, and in
action to do that will by the so-discovered means. Of all other sorts
of men I declare myself tired. They're tedious failures. When I was on
earth, professors of all sorts prowled round me feeling for an unhealthy
spot in me on which they could fasten. The doctors of medicine bade me
consider what I must do to save my body, and offered me quack cures for
imaginary diseases. I replied that I was not a hypochondriac; so they
called me Ignoramus and went their way. The doctors of divinity bade
me consider what I must do to save my soul; but I was not a spiritual
hypochondriac any more than a bodily one, and would not trouble myself
about that either; so they called me Atheist and went their way. After
them came the politician, who said there was only one purpose in Nature,
and that was to get him into parliament. I told him I did not care
whether he got into parliament or not; so he called me Mugwump and went
his way. Then came the romantic man, the Artist, with his love songs and
his paintings and his poems; and with him I had great delight for many
years, and some profit; for I cultivated my senses for his sake; and
his songs taught me to hear better, his paintings to see better, and
his poems to feel more deeply. But he led me at last into the worship of
Woman.
